I hear so many stories about people that cheat. They shouldn't be allowed human rights. They should be beaten and humiliated in the same way that people beat pedophiles and animal abusers. This goes for the fuckers that encourage them too. I imagine that someone would break in to their home whilst they're in bed, and just take a hot iron and burn one side of there face. So they are as ugly and two-faced on the outside as they are on the inside.  The world would be a better place if people did that. then you could see who the scum were. Then you could avoid them. Adultery should be illegal. If people agree to open relationships, then that should be fine, but just going out of your way to destroy another human being, that should be unforgivable. Don't shout as them. Scar them for life. Burn their face. make one side boiled and charred so people can see who they are. No secrets for them anymore. How wonderful would the world be if people could see the scum and just avoid them. Employers wouldn't hire them due to being untrustworthy. Landlords and Mortgage Brokers wouldn't allow them a home because of their lack of moral compass. They would only be given the lowest of jobs for minimum wage. Make them live in squaller for the rest of there lives. No forgiveness. In a few generations, adultery would almost be a thing of the past. People would be too afraid, or would be pushed into being open about their swinging lifestyles. Those would be accepted, but the adulterers would be scarred, destitute, miserable and lonely. Only other scum would give them the time of day. The smart ones would end it all. The smart ones would allow the shame to finish the job. Paradise.
